LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Jaden: DID WE
MAKE IT BACK?
YES, WE'RE HOME.
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE
ACTUALLY DID IT.
CAN YOU, JESSE?
HELLO?!
THE DUEL...
HE SAID HE WAS
GIVING HIS ALL.
OH, NO...
JESSE!
Bastion: A PORTAL IS
TRYING TO OPEN AGAIN
BETWEEN OUR
TWO DIMENSIONS!
Axel: JADEN, WAIT!
Bastion: IT'S TOO
DANGEROUS!
I HAVE TO RESCUE JESSE!
BUT I'M NOT EVEN
SURE THAT THIS
PORTAL LEADS
TO THE SAME ALTERNATE
DIMENSION WE CAME FROM!
THAT MAY BE, BUT IT'S A RISK
I'M WILLING TO TAKE.
YEAH, WELL...
NOT ALONE, YOU'RE NOT.
WAIT UP!
NO, I'VE ALREADY INVOLVED
JESSE IN THIS.
I'M NOT GONNA
INVOLVE YOU GUYS, TOO!
WELL, I HATE TO BREAK
THE NEWS, MATE,
BUT IT'S TOO LATE
FOR THAT.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
SO...
WE'RE INVOLVED
WHETHER YOU
LIKE IT OR NOT.
THE PORTAL'S
STABILIZING!
Atticus:
AND THEN SOME!
UGH!
[ALL SCREAMING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
WHERE'D THAT PORTAL
TAKE US TO, BASTION?!
AN ALTERNATE DIMENSION...
BUT NOT THE ONE
FROM BEFORE.
HMM.
WELL, IN THAT CASE,
WE NEED A READ
ON THIS PLACE.
TIME FOR A LITTLE RECON.
AND I'LL...
HEH HEH...
STAY BEHIND.
AHH, ME TOO.
IT'S JUST, YA KNOW,
THAT, UH, MY BOOTS,
THEY'RE NOT THE BEST
FOR HIKING
THROUGH ALTERNATE
DIMENSIONS.
YEAH RIGHT.
WELL, I'M GOING.
COUNT ME IN TOO!
FELLAS! SHIRLEY
AND ME WANT IN ON
THE ACTION AS WELL!
Axel: NAH. LET ME SCOUT
THINGS OUT FIRST.
HEY, WHERE'S JADEN?
HE'S NOT HERE.
HUH?
[THINKING]
WHERE EVER COULD WE BE?
JESSE!
[THINKING]
HOW DID I LET THIS HAPPEN?
LET'S GO!
CATCH YA LATER, PARTNER!
AAH! AAH!
IF YOU'RE HERE, JESSE,
I PROMISE I'LL CATCH UP
WITH YOU...
AAH!
BUT SOMEBODY BETTER
CATCH ME FIRST!
UNH!
OHH.
THAT HURT.
HUH?
WHOA, WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
HUH? SOME PRINTS!
JADEN MIGHT BE
IN A WHOLE LOT OF TROUBLE.
HUH? TRAIN TRACKS?!
I WONDER WHERE THEY LEAD.
HA HA HA!
WHOA, WHAT WAS
PUSHING THAT CART?
IF IT'S ANYTHING LIKE
THAT LAST WORLD,
I BETTER BE READY.
HMM. AAH!
AXEL?!
I WOULDN'T DRAW TOO
MUCH ATTENTION YET.
WE'RE HERE
TO FIND JESSE,
AND IT'LL BE EASIER
IF THERE'S NO
INTERFERENCE.
BUT HOW? MY CALCULATIONS
SHOULD BE CORRECT.
WHAT AM I MISSING?
CARRY THE ONE, AND THEN...
HOLD UP. THIS CAN'T BE,
UNLESS...
I RECALCULATE MY FINDINGS
BASED ON THIS NEW READING.
AH, YES, PERFECT,
THE BREAKTHROUGH I NEEDED!
DID YOU ALL
HEAR SOMETHING?
JUST YOUR KNEES KNOCKIN'!
UNH!
NOT EXACTLY
THE BREAKTHROUGH I MEANT.
AAH! IT'S YOU!
WE NEED TO FIND A WAY
OUT OF THIS CAVERN.
YOUR FRIENDS
ARE WORRIED.
BUT JESSE!
I GOTTA MAKE SURE THAT
HE'S NOT DOWN HERE.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
BUT DOING THIS
ON YOUR OWN IS
WAY TOO DANGEROUS.
WE'RE ALL HERE TO HELP.
SO LET'S FIND A WAY BACK
TO OUR FRIENDS FIRST!
OK?
OK!
WAIT!
TANIA?!
THAT YOU, JADEN?!
YOU KNOW HER, J?
YEAH! WE HAD ONE HECK
OF A DUEL!
AAH!
HA!
Jaden: GLAD YOU COULD
JOIN US, BASTION.
Bastion: SO TANIA,
A PORTAL OPENED
IN YOUR WORLD
AND BROUGHT YOU
TO THIS DIMENSION?
YES, AND IT HAPPENED
TO OTHERS AS WELL.
HUH?
Tania:
AND WHEN WE ARRIVED,
WE WERE ALL FORCED DOWN HERE.
Jaden: BUT WHERE IS HERE?!
Tania:
IT'S A NEW WORLD OF SOME KIND.
A WORLD THAT APPEARS TO
BE RUN BY DUEL MONSTERS.
OR AT LEAST
A SELECT FEW OF THEM.
SEE THOSE WINGED BEASTS
DOWN THERE?
THEY SEEM TO BE
THE ONES CALLING
ALL THE SHOTS.
SO, CAN WE DO ANYTHING
TO HELP STOP THEM?
I'M WORKING ON IT.
I'VE GOT MY SOLDIERS
GOOD TO GO,
BUT WE NEED A DISTRACTION.
STRAIGHT AHEAD IS
THE WINGED BEASTS' HEADQUARTERS.
WE'RE PLANNING
TO AMBUSH THEM,
BUT WITH ALL THOSE KURAMAS
PLAYING GUARD DUTY DOWN THERE,
WE WON'T BE ABLE
TO TAKE THEM BY SURPRISE.
Axel: WHERE I'M FROM,
IT'S ALWAYS BEST TO ATTACK
UNDER COVER OF NIGHT.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
POWERS THOSE LIGHTS?
UH-HUH.
SO DO YOU HAVE
A PLAN?
YOU BETTER
BELIEVE I DO.
Tania: THIS WAY!
OHH!
PICK UP THE PACE,
OR ELSE!
YOU! FASTER!
AAH!
HEH HEH! NOW!
SOMEONE SAVE ME!
WE GOTTA HELP HIM!
STOP!
IF YOU GO NOW,
YOU'LL END UP JUST
LIKE THEM, JADEN!
Tania: UP THERE IS
THE POWER SOURCE FOR THE LIGHTS.
WE GOTTA KEEP
THAT GUARD BUSY.
HERE'S WHAT
I'M THINKIN'.
CUT THE POWER,
CUT THE LIGHT!
AND WITHOUT LIGHT,
THOSE WINGED BEASTS
WON'T SEE US COMING!
EXACTLY! NOW I'LL
DISTRACT HIM
WHILE YOU CUT
THE POWER.
HOW 'BOUT YOU DEAL
WITH THE LIGHTS,
AND I DEAL WITH HIM!
JADEN!
AXEL, YOU'RE
THE MAN WITH THE PLAN.
I'LL KEEP 'EM BUSY,
WHILE YOU PULL THE PLUG!
HERE WE GO!
STOP HIM!
DUELING HERE IS
NOT THE SAME!
HUH?
HEY, BIRDBRAIN!
AHH, A HUMAN.
WHAT'S A PATHETIC
LITTLE WORM LIKE YOU
DOING UP HERE?
LOOKIN' TO TAKE
YOU DOWN!
DOWN TO WHERE?
YOUR HUMAN LEVEL?
LISTEN UP!
WHO GAVE YOU AND YOUR
FEATHERED FRIENDS
THE RIGHT
TO BOSS EVERYONE?
RIGHT?
YOU MEAN PLEASURE.
HA HA HA!
HUMANS NEVER UNDERSTAND
THEIR PLACE
IN THE PECKING ORDER,
BUT I'LL TEACH YOU.
IS THAT SO?
THEN EDUCATE ME!
WE HAVE TO STOP HIM!
WHEN YOU DUEL HERE,
THERE'S MORE AT STAKE
THAN JUST LOSING
THE GAME.
YOU CHALLENGE ME?
NOW WHO'S
THE REAL BIRDBRAIN!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
SO BE IT.
PREPARE TO GET SWOOPED
OFF YOUR FEET, PAL!
LET'S DUEL!
BUT, JADEN!
WHEN YOU DO BATTLE
IN THIS WORLD,
THE DAMAGE YOU TAKE
IS FOR REAL!
ONCE YOUR LIFE
POINTS FALL TO ZERO,
THEN IT'S GAME OVER.
AND YOU GET SENT AWAY
STRAIGHT TO THE STARS!
TO THE STARS?!
THAT'S RIGHT AND THERE'S
NO COMING BACK,
YOU INSOLENT HUMAN!
YOU THINK
WE'RE PLAYING?
IT'S NOT A GAME,
JADEN.
YOU SEE, THE ONLY WAY
TO BATTLE IS FOR YOU
TO PUT ALL OF YOUR
PRECIOUS DUEL ENERGY
ON THE LINE.
DON'T DUEL, JADEN!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
LISTEN TO ME.
WE JUST DON'T
KNOW ENOUGH ABOUT
THIS WORLD YET!
I'M SORRY, IT'S
TOO LATE FOR YOUR
FRIENDS TO SAVE YOU,
SO PREPARE TO DUEL!
AND NOW, THE ONLY WAY
THE DUEL CAN BE STOPPED
IS IF YOU BEAT ME,
OR IF I BLAST YOUR
ENERGY TO THE STARS!
AND ONCE THAT HAPPENS,
THERE'LL BE NO MORE DUELING
FOR YOU EVER AGAIN!
YA KNOW, IF YOU
THINK THAT
THESE STAKES
ARE SCARING ME,
THEN YOU'VE TOTALLY
FLOWN THE COOP.
NOW LET'S GET
STARTED.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO WAIT AROUND,
SO GET READY,
'CAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT
TO GET SCRAMBLED!
YOU CRACK ME UP!
WELL, I TRIED!
BUT THIS DUEL'S
GOING TO HAPPEN!
AND IN THIS BATTLE,
LOSING IS NOT AN OPTION!
I'LL TAKE THE HONORS.
CAW!
I PLAY SUMMON STORM!
IF HE PAYS 800
OF HIS LIFE POINTS,
HE CAN INSTANTLY SUMMON
A WIND ATTRIBUTE MONSTER!
LIKE MY WHIRLWIND PRODIGY!
GET READY
TO BE BLOWN AWAY!
BECAUSE BY SACRIFICING
MY WHIRLWIND PRODIGY,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
ANOTHER WIND MONSTER!
AAH!
SO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO MY PRODIGY
AND HELLO
TO MY SIMORGH
BIRD OF DIVINITY!
Bastion: TWENTY-SEVEN
HUNDRED ATTACK POINTS?!
THANK GOODNESS HE
CAN'T ATTACK THIS TURN!
I WOULDN'T EXACTLY
COUNT ON THAT!
I LAY A FACEDOWN
AND PLAY
THE SPELL LEVEL TAX!
BUT BEFORE FINISHING...
HA HA HA...
I ACTIVATE MY SIMORGH'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW WE EACH TAKE
A THOUSAND POINTS
OF DAMAGE
DURING EVERY END PHASE!
A THOUSAND POINTS?!
GO, DIVINE WIND!
[SCREECHING]
[GROANING]
JADEN!
HA HA HA!
BUT YOU SAID WE BOTH
TAKE DAMAGE
FROM ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
THAT IS TRUE!
BUT I'M PROTECTED!
AS LONG AS I HAVE
A SPELL CARD AND A TRAP CARD
OUT THERE ON THE FIELD,
WHICH I DO!
[THINKING]
HANG IN THERE, JADEN
'CAUSE YOU AND I BOTH
GOTTA BE LIGHTS OUT
IF WE EVER WANT TO
GET OUTTA HERE!
ALL RIGHT, PAL,
IT'S MY MOVE!
[THINKING]
HMM, NOW IF I FUSE
MY BUBBLEMAN
WITH MY CLAYMAN TO
FORM ELEMENTAL
HERO MUDBALLMAN.
HE'D HAVE ENOUGH
ATTACK POINTS TO
TAKE DOWN HIS SIMORGH,
BUT, IF I SUMMON
A LEVEL 5 MONSTER
OR ABOVE,
THAT LEVEL TAX
SPELL CARD OF HIS
WILL WIPE OUT
THE SAME NUMBER
OF LIFE POINTS
AS MUDBALLMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AND WITH HIS
SIMORGH'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WAITING
IN THE WING,
I'D BE AN ATTACK
AWAY FROM LOSING
THE DUEL.
IT LOOKS LIKE
JADEN'S NOT SURE
WHAT TO DO.
WELL, WITH LEVEL TAX
STILL IN PLAY,
JADEN HAS TO BE
VERY CAREFUL WHAT HE
SUMMONS OUT TO THE FIELD.
NOW I SEE!
WITH THAT SPELL
CARD ACTIVATED,
JADEN CAN'T FUSE
ANY MONSTERS!
AND WITHOUT ANY
FUSIONS HE'S GOING
TO HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER WAY TO WIN!
[THINKING]
OKAY JAY, DON'T
LET THE FEAR
OF GOING
TO THE STARS
GET TO YOU.
FIRST THINGS FIRST!
WE GOTTA STOP
SIMORGH'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
DON'T WORRY... I KNOW
JUST WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
I'VE SEEN IT BEFORE.
"HOW WILL I EVER WIN,
IF I CAN'T SUMMON OUT
A HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER?"
HA HA HA!
I'M PLAYIN'
MY BUBBLEMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND DUE TO HIS ABILITY,
I GET TO DRAW TWO MORE CARDS!
[THINKING]
PERFECT! THESE'LL PROTECT ME
FROM SIMORGH'S ATTACK!
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
GO, DIVINE WIND!
[GROANING]
Bastion:
LOOK! JADEN'S SAFE!
FOR NOW.
BUT, BASTION, SOMETHING
IN THE AIR IS TELLING ME
THAT THIS ISN'T
GONNA BE A BREEZE!
YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUT JADEN WON'T
JUST BLOW OVER!
CAW! I PLAY
TORNADO BIRD!
BY PAYING 600 LIFE POINTS,
I CAN ACTIVATE TORNADO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
WING REQUITAL!
AND FOR EVERY
WINGED-BEAST MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD!
CAW!
OF COURSE,
TO USE THEM,
I HAVE TO WAIT
UNTIL MY NEXT TURN!
BUT IN THE MEANTIME...
SIMORGH WILL TAKE OUT
YOUR BUBBLEMAN
WHILE TORNADO BIRD
BLOWS AWAY SOME
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
UGH!
BEFORE I END MY TURN,
I LAY DOWN TWO FACEDOWNS.
AND NOW MY DIVINE
WIND TAKES EFFECT!
OHH! PHEW.
PATHETIC!
YOU HAVE NO OFFENSE,
AND YOUR DEFENSE
WON'T PROTECT YOU
FROM ME FOREVER!
I'M UNDEFEATABLE!
IT'S THE OLDEST
LAW OF NATURE...
ONLY THE STRONG SURVIVE!
AND THE WEAK GET
SENT TO THE STARS!
HA HA HA!
HUH?
ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO SHOW
YOU SOME OFFENSE!
I PLAY THE SPELL
GRACEFUL CHARITY
AND DRAW
THREE CARDS!
NOW I'LL SEND
THESE TWO CARDS
TO MY GRAVE
AND SUMMON
NEO-SPACIAN
GRAND MOLE!
ALL THAT
FOR A LEVEL THREE?
THERE'S MORE TO HIM
THAN MEETS THE EYE!
BUT YOU'LL FIND
OUT SOON ENOUGH!
'CAUSE MY GRAND
MOLE'S ABOUT TO DIG
ME OUT OF TROUBLE.
HE BEST DIG DEEP.
NOW, GRAND MOLE,
IT'S TIME TO RUFFLE
SOME FEATHERS!
ATTACK HIS SIMORGH,
BIRD OF DIVINITY!
AND DUE
TO HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
AFTER ATTACKING,
BOTH MONSTERS
RETURN TO OUR HANDS!
HA! I DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY A TRAP!
OH, NO, IF HE EQUIPS
THAT TO SIMORGH,
THEN JADEN'S MOLE'LL...
BE DESTROYED!
IT ALSO NEGATES
THE EFFECTS OF ITS ATTACK.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR MOLE'S
NOT SO GRAND AFTER ALL.
UGH! NOT MY MONSTER!
HA HA HA!
THIS DOESN'T
BODE WELL!
WITH ONE CARD,
HE THWARTED
JADEN'S PLAN.
WHAT COULD BE NEXT?
LOOKS LIKE YOUR WEAK
MONSTERS ARE AS INEFFECTIVE
AS YOUR STRONG ONES!
IT'S TIME I END
THIS
WITH MY
ICARUS ATTACK!
NOW BY SACRIFICING
MY TORNADO BIRD,
THE TWO PROTECTION CARDS
YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD
ARE AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYED!
[SCREECHES]
OHH!
AND TO KEEP
THINGS EXCITING,
I PLAY EXPLOSION WING!
NOW WITH THIS TRAP
IN PLAY,
FOR EVERY CARD THAT WAS
DESTROYED THIS LAST TURN,
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
FIVE HUNDRED?!
JADEN LOST
HIS THREE CARDS!
AND THAT MEANS HE TAKES
FIFTEEN HUNDRED
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AAH!
JADEN!
[GROANING]
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T WIN THIS,
I'LL NEVER FIND JESSE.
[THINKING]
FIGHT BACK, JADEN!
I JUST NEED A LITTLE
MORE TIME SO THAT I CAN GET
TO THE TOP AND TURN
OFF THESE LIGHTS
AND WITHOUT ANY FURTHER
ADO, YOU LITTLE WORM,
IT'S TIME I SENT YOU
TO MEET WITH THE STARS!
HOW 'BOUT WE JUST
PUT THAT TRIP
ON HOLD?
I PLAY
TWO FACEDOWNS!
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE
GETS TO LIVE
TO DUEL ANOTHER ROUND!
UNH! UGH!
I HOPE YOU HAVE SOMETHING
UP YOUR SLEEVE, JADEN,
'CAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THAT
BIRD'S ABOUT TO BLOW AWAY
THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
IT'S BEEN QUITE
ENTERTAINING WATCHING YOU
SQUIRM THROUGHOUT
THIS DUEL.
YOU'VE PUT UP
QUITE THE FIGHT.
BUT NOW I INTEND TO BLAST
YOU AWAY ONCE AND FOR ALL!
[THINKING]
THERE'S GOTTA
BE SOMETHING
IN MY DECK THAT CAN
CLIP THIS GUY'S WINGS.
SIMORGH,
FINISH HIM OFF!
THIS IS GOOD-BYE!
NOW GO WITH DIVINE WIND!
I PLAY MY TRAP!
A HERO EMERGES!
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
'CAUSE MY LEVEL TAX SPELL
CARD IS STILL IN PLAY!
SO, AS SOON AS YOUR
HERO EMERGES,
YOUR FEW REMAINING
LIFE POINTS
WILL BE COMPLETELY
DESTROYED JUST LIKE YOU!
IS THAT A FACT?
OKAY, THEN GO RIGHT
AHEAD AND PICK
THE HERO I GET.
HA HA HA!
IT DOESN'T MATTER!
BUT I'LL CHOOSE
THE MIDDLE.
HMM. LOOKS LIKE I
GET WINGED KURIBOH!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
[CHIRPS]
WITH THAT
LITTLE FUR BALL?
HA HA! IT MEANS YOUR DECK'S
WEAKER THAN I BELIEVED!
IT MEANS THAT YOU'RE
IN A HEAP OF TROUBLE!
WITH WINGED KURIBOH,
YOUR LEVEL TAX
IS ABOUT
TO GET REFUNDED!
'CAUSE BIG SURPRISES
ARE OFTEN FOUND
IN SMALL PACKAGES!
REMEMBER!
LEVEL TAX DOESN'T
AFFECT LEVEL ONE MONSTERS.
AND GUESS WHAT!
I GOT
ANOTHER SURPRISE.
I ACTIVATE
TRANSCENDENT WINGS!
THIS SHOULD EVEN
THE PLAYING FIELD,
DON'T YA THINK,
WINGED KURIBOH?
[CHIRPS]
IT CAN'T...
BUT HE'S JUST
LEVEL ONE!
HMM.
NOT AFTER I
SEND TWO CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
NOOOO!
[CHIRPS]
WINGED KURIBOH'S
NOW A LEVEL 10?!
AND, BASTION,
EVEN WITH LEVEL TAX
SPELL CARD,
JADEN'S GOT ENOUGH
POINTS TO SURVIVE!
AAH! UNH!
NOW IT'S YOUR TURN!
FOR WHAT?
FOR MY WINGED
CREATURE TO ATTACK!
NOW MY EVOLVED
WINGED KURIBOH'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
DESTROYS
ALL YOUR MONSTERS!
AND YOU GET HIT
FOR ALL THEIR
ATTACK POINTS!
WHAT?!
[CHIRPS]
CAW! CAW!
AAH! UNH!
CAW! BACAW!
OHH!
JADEN!
YOU ALL RIGHT?
I THINK.
THANKS, BUD.
[THINKING]
NOW TO KILL THOSE LIGHTS!
THE DARKNESS WORKED!
IT DID.
[CHIRPS]
JADEN...
HMM?
OH, NO. OH.
WHAT'S... GONNA
HAPPEN TO YOU?
MY ENERGY
WILL NOW BE ABSORBED
AND SENT TO THE STARS.
BEFORE I GO,
I BEG OF YOU
PLEASE, DO ALL YOU CAN
TO DEFEAT HIM.
ALL OF THIS
IS HIS DOING.
HE MUST BE STOPPED
BEFORE HE DOES
ANY MORE HARM.
PROMISE ME YOU WILL
DEFEAT THE SUPREME KING!
IT IS YOU WHO SHOULD
RULE THIS WORLD!
YOU MUST BE KING!
ME A KING?
UNH!
DO NOT REST.
OHH!
HMM.
THIS WILL LEAD YOU
TO ANOTHER REALM
IN THIS WORLD.
PERHAPS, YOU WILL FIND
YOUR FRIEND JESSE UP THERE.
I CANNOT GO,
AS I MUST RESTORE ORDER
FOR MY PEOPLE.
OKAY!
GOOD LUCK.
YOU KNOW WHERE WE'LL BE.
Hassleberry:
LET'S GO!
Syrus: YEAH!
I'LL STAY WITH TANIA.
HOW COME? SHE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND?!
IT'S LIKE BEFORE.
SHE CAST A
LOVE SPELL, RIGHT?
A LOVE SPELL?!
I ASSURE YOU IT'S
NOTHING LIKE THAT AT ALL.
SHE MIGHT HAVE
VITAL INFORMATION
THAT WE CAN EVENTUALLY
USE TO GET US HOME!
ONCE I FIGURE THINGS OUT,
I WILL COME AND FIND YOU!
Alexis: THANKS,
BUT DON'T TAKE
TOO LONG.
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY, JESSE.
I KNOW YOU'RE
UP THERE SOMEWHERE.
AND NO MATTER WHAT'S
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THAT DOOR,
WE'LL FIGHT OUR WAY THROUGH
AND GET YOU BACK HOME!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪